Privacy policy Praepositi © 2022:

Praepositi owns multiple projects including yet not limited to:
 
 . Guardian
 
 . Global Guard

The projects listed above are the only projects owned by praepositi that collect any form of data on their user.
The information gathered is as follows per each of the Guardian and Global Guard users:
	1. Guardian:
		Guardian unlike any other system in existence acts like a true watchdog system where it collects the bare minimum information it 
		needs to create an accurate profile on the users without encroaching on their privacy, the information needed includes:
				1. User's discord ID.
			
				2. Activity rate [As in how many messages in how much time within how many servers, this isn't saved but used within the MLS of Guardian then removed from memory].
			
				3. Account age [This information is dropped after going through multiple cycles within Guardians MLS and is not saved in any shape or form].
	
		Due to the information we collect being available to the public and that none of it could be used to track or identify a person we do not have any way for a user to delete their
		profile from the Guardian Database, if at any point a mistake is made and you need to correct it as a false ban or abuse of our systems please join our discord system or contact
		our founder via the contact page on our website.
	

	2. Global Guard:
		Global Guard is a project designed to provide a user with a detailed record of their and others' information and to be a trading platform for said information,
		in the sense that any and every project or bit of information can be sold or traded within the system for another, being a makeshift stock market for 
		discord, this comes with a lot of ramifications like copyrights and project staff having to be registered within our systems meaning we hold a lot of sensitive information
		about a lot of projects, since this information can be used to track and or find/identify individuals and or their projects the way to request a profile deletion is simple.
		Simply:    1. Join our discord server

			   2. Ping the Global-Guard staff team

			   3. explain the situation

			   4. await confirmation of the deletion.
		

